Job Description
Job Header
Cyber Security Analyst
QIC
3.4333 out of 5





3.4 overall rating (30 employee reviews) 
More jobs from this company



Cyber Security Analyst 

The opportunity:
We currently have a newly created opportunity to join QIC's established Cyber Security function on an Open Term basis as a Cyber Security Analyst.  You will be a part of QIC’s IT, Risk & Security Team based in our Head office in Brisbane CBD. 
You will act as a technical advisor on the latest techniques and methods to identify, protect, detect, respond and recover against evolving cyber security threats. 
This position provides a rare opportunity where you will be involved in executing reactive and proactive activities across technical and non-technical controls to ensure that vulnerabilities are uncovered and potential threats are exposed – whilst also ensuring equally appropriate contingency plans or responses exist. In this role you will be working in a dedicated cyber security team, with QIC’s cloud technology and alongside QIC’s partners’ global security operation centre, using the latest and greatest security tools.
The key accountabilities include but are not limited to:
Threat Intelligence – Develop, maintain and support QIC’s virtual intelligence capability to identify current and emerging cyber security risks by augmenting QIC’s capability with commercial intelligence providers and threat hunting techniques to gain insight into existing activities in the hacker and fraud communities, as well as planned activities and emerging motivations.
Emerging Threat Advice – Provide advice and insight to QIC management on significant emerging threats and recommend tactical or strategic change to counteract these threats. Prepare options and analysis on effective control changes across people, process and technology to ensure QIC is protected.
Vulnerability Management – Monitor and report on QIC’s technology assets and ensure all vulnerabilities are identified, assessed and remediated in accordance with QIC’s risk appetite. Provide advice on zero-day vulnerabilities to ensure QIC remains protected
Incident Management - Execute incident management procedures including the monitoring and management of all local security breaches and handling of security incidents, root cause analysis and impact, taking appropriate action to prevent recurrence wherever possible. Ensure all incidents are logged, reported and appropriately documented as per a defined security incident procedure.
SIEM monitoring – Work alongside QIC’s 24x7 SOC to develop use cases and optimise QIC’s early detection and response capabilities
Security Architecture and Planning – Provide input and advice on security architecture and planning. Assist in the evaluation, design and implementation of security technologies and solutions. Offer technical assistance and operational support and analysis as required.
Support, Assist and Advise – provide support to delivery teams to ensure optimal use and application of security controls and systems. Consultation with key stakeholders to ensure IT Risk and Security policies remains aligned with stakeholder requirements
The ideal candidate:
This career defining position will allow you to make your own mark on this newly created role and develop your existing cyber skills in a high performing and collaborative environment, provide career advancement opportunities as well as the opportunity to grow and be mentored by peers. Bring your analytical mind, attention to detail and 'can do attitude' to hit the ground running. Previous experience in Microsoft security suite, vulnerability management tools, and SIEM platforms such as Splunk or similar would be highly regarded.
As a strong candidate for this role, you could have the following:
A Degree or recognised qualifications in Information Technology (or similar);
Specific training in Cyber Security or equivalent prior experience; and
Excellent report writing capabilities and communication skills.
Strong technical knowledge of cloud platform and network infrastructure, and information security
Experience and expertise in areas of security control management; assessment and monitoring
Knowledge of industry practise in cyber security frameworks (e.g. NIST/ ISO27001:2013, ASD essential 8 etc)
Understanding of security review and response planning
Understanding of technology and contemporary use in corporate environments
Experience in using Splunk security information and events monitoring
Experience in using Qualys Guard vulnerability and patch management
Interest in threat hunting technologies
About QIC 
QIC is a leading long-term specialist manager in alternatives offering infrastructure, real estate, private capital, liquid strategies and multi-asset investments. It is one of the largest institutional investment managers in Australia, with A$83bn (31 December 2019) in funds under management. QIC has over 1000 employees and serves more than 110 clients. Headquartered in Brisbane, Australia, QIC also has offices in Sydney, Melbourne, New York, Los Angeles, Cleveland, San Francisco, London and Copenhagen. 
At QIC our pursuit is to be an inclusive organisation, one in which every employee has a true voice. We want every employee to have a sense of belonging within QIC and to know that their differences are valued, whatever the difference. We want to build people leader capability to reduce unintended bias and ensure we are leveraging the uniqueness of all our people.
To apply
To apply, please submit a cover letter and CV via our careers portal by 11pm Tuesday 23rd June 2020.  QIC is a fast-moving organisation so we may start reviewing applications before the job ad closes. We are really interested in receiving your application so please apply as soon as possible.
We encourage you to visit QIC  and follow QIC LinkedIn for more information and the latest industry news. 
Our Talent Acquisition Team and Hiring Leaders kindly request no unsolicited CV's or approaches from Recruitment Agencies. QIC is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited CV's.
 
 
Kimberley Tindle
+61 7 3020 7403 

Right to live and work
You must have the right to live and work in this location to apply for this job.

Report this job advert
Be careful- Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs. If you see something suspicious report this job ad.
